Boundary Condition : PEC (#1767)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/usage/parameters.rst

    * ``pml`` (default): This option can be used to add Perfectly Matched Layers (PML) around the simulation domain. It will override the user-defined value provided for ``warpx.do_pml``. See the :ref:`PML theory section <theory-bc>` for more details.
    Additional pml algorithms can be explored using the parameters ``warpx.do_pml_in_domain``, ``warpx.do_particles_in_pml``, and ``warpx.do_pml_j_damping``.

>     * ``PEC``: This option can be used to set reflective domain boundary, where, the tangential electric field and the normal magnetic field are set to 0. This boundary can be used to model a dielectric or metallic surface at the domain boundary. (Note that currently PEC is not supported in RZ.)

Author: ```suggestion
    * ``pec``: This option can be used to set reflective domain boundary, where, the tangential electric field and the normal magnetic field are set to 0. This boundary can be used to model a dielectric or metallic surface at the domain boundary. (Note that currently PEC is not supported in RZ.)
```

>     * ``pec``: This option can be used to set reflective domain boundary, where, the tangential electric field and the normal magnetic field are set to 0. This boundary can be used to model a dielectric or metallic surface at the domain boundary. (Note that currently PEC is not supported in RZ.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * ``pec``: This option can be used to set Perfect Electric Conducting boundary, which works as one of the reflective domain boundaries. At PEC, the tangential electric field and the normal magnetic field are set to 0. This boundary can be used to model a dielectric or metallic surface at the domain boundary. (Note that currently PEC is not supported in RZ.)
```

Author: Thank you Jackie. I was adding documentation for changes in RZ, and fixed this in the same commit.

    * ``pml`` (default): This option can be used to add Perfectly Matched Layers (PML) around the simulation domain. It will override the user-defined value provided for ``warpx.do_pml``. See the :ref:`PML theory section <theory-bc>` for more details.
    Additional pml algorithms can be explored using the parameters ``warpx.do_pml_in_domain``, ``warpx.do_particles_in_pml``, and ``warpx.do_pml_j_damping``.

    * ``pec``: This option can be used to set a Perfect Electric Conductor (PEC) boundary, which is one of the reflective domain boundaries. At PEC, the tangential electric field and the normal magnetic field are set to 0. This boundary can be used to model a dielectric or metallic surface. Note that PEC boundary is invalid at `r=0` for the RZ solver. Please use ``none`` option.

>     * ``none``: No boundary condition is applied to the fields. This option can be used for the RZ-solver at `r=0`.

Author: @dpgrote @RemiLehe Is this statement correct for RZ. Please also see the corresponding recommendation under "pec" for RZ at r=0.

Reviewer 2: This is good, though I would make it more definite, saying "This option must be used for the RZ-solver at 'r=0'.".
